Md. Nahid Mahmud was born in Gazipur, Bangladesh, and his ancestral home is in Barishal district. He is a dedicated student in the Department of Agriculture at the International University of Business Agriculture and Technology (IUBAT), Dhaka 1230, Bangladesh. With a keen interest in modern agricultural research and sustainability, Nahid has been actively engaged in studying advanced topics such as post-harvest technology, soil contamination by heavy metals, and nano-fertilizers for precision agriculture. He has authored and contributed to several review papers, His research work primarily focuses on improving food security, sustainable farming, and environmental conservation in Bangladesh. Apart from his academic life, Nahid was an active member IAAS-International Assosiation of Agriculture and Related Sciences, IAAS Bangladesh IUBAT. That is an international organiszation for agricultural background learne. Nahid served here as a Editor-In-Charge designation for bi-monthly megazine publication for IAAS Bangladesh IUBAT. That megazine was regarding agricultural things and which was published IAAS Bangladesh official regional website. Nahid served here from January 2025 to December 2026. He aims to contribute to Bangladesh’s agricultural development through scientific innovation, research-based policy suggestions, and sustainable technology adoption for agricultural practice.

 Current Residence: Joydebpur, Gazipur 1703, Bangladesh/ 
 Ancestral Home: Barishal District (Sadar), Bangladesh/
 Student: College of Agricultural Sciences, IUBAT/
 Email: 22309124@iubat.edu
